---
title: 14/11/16
layout: post
author: alexcoyne08
permalink: /14/11/16/
source-id: 1KjnNFI7lbjS73j5f1c-R5sYzEfWr-gxNiGjgVSnJGSQ
published: true
---
**Blog Fix                   ****14/11/16**

**Starting point:**

A basic website

**Target for the lesson:**

To improve my website.

**Did I reach my target?**

No, I made the matter worse.

**How did I learn? What strategies were effective?**

In this lesson lots of people got feedback on their blogs. Most of the lesson we were having a talk about are websites. The first bit of the talk was all about colours because on some websites the writing may have been unclear or even impossible to read, for instance someone had black and grey for their background and writing so no one could see what they had written. The 2nd part of the speech was all about are blogs and what we have submitted and I didn't give the link to my website so I got shouted at. The whole class got told off because we all used the template to do the work but little did we know that our teacher didn’t have his reading eyes on.

**What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on?**

In the 2nd part of the lesson he told us to fix are blogs and to improve them but I made one drastic mistake. I deleted my posts folder so I couldn't link any of my blogs to the website and to make it worse the teacher asked for my website link as soon as possible and luckily he forgot. I tried to create a new folder with same name as the first post folder but obviously it had coding which had already been done for me so I was screwed. Our homework was to submit our blog link to his folder so he could mark it. But little did I know I had to spend 4 hours of my time trying to fix it and that is why all you new readers out here I have to create another website.

**What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?**

Next time I will be a little more careful with myself and what I click on also I will never use the template again and finally I will always submit my website when he asks for my blog. Thanks for reading.

