---
title: 10/09/16
layout: post
author: alexcoyne08
permalink: /10/09/16/
source-id: 14eaw5A4j6W412bU3PYrVelggzrT7Of-pxbkamyq4Nms
published: true
---
**Finishing off and starting new                      ****10/09/16**

**Starting point:**

Nearly finished the eating fruit exercise

**Target for the lesson:**

To finish off the exercise that we were doing last lesson and get some where on the next one.

**Did I reach my target?**

 Yes, I finished the thing that we were doing last lesson and started the next one.

**How did I learn? What strategies were effective?**

** **In this lesson me and my partner shared out the work that we were doing because we normally have two separate jobs and switch what we do every lesson. The best strategy for the new exercise was to not skip ahead and think what you are doing is right. You need to follow the instructions and do everything it tells you because it will just not work otherwise.

**What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on?**

In this lesson we had a computer which was fully zoomed in which meant it limited my working. I asked the teacher at the start of the lesson and he tried to see what the problem was but he couldn't so we just had work with it really zoomed in. This didn't help us because every time we tried to run the program it kept on sending us back onto the home screen which meant we couldn't see if the work was working. Nearer the end of the lesson I asked another teacher but he didn't bother coming over to us.

**What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?**

Next lesson if I have a problem which is stopping me from learning I will try as much as I can to fix it then I will ask a teacher and if he doesn't know I will ask the other and not be as patient so I can get as much work as I would like to in the lesson.

